[FR] Add Env Var DR_CLI_MAX_WIDTH and DaC Docs Updates (#4518)
elastic/detection-rules: docs/detections-as-code.md

---

## Support and Scope

Supported DaC components that interact with the Elastic Security Solution:
- kibana export-rules ([link](https://github.com/elastic/detection-rules/blob/main/CLI.md#exporting-rules))
- kibana import-rules ([link](https://github.com/elastic/detection-rules/blob/main/CLI.md#using-import-rules))
- import-rules-to-repo ([link](https://github.com/elastic/detection-rules/blob/main/CLI.md#import-rules-to-repo))
- export-rules-from-repo ([link](https://github.com/elastic/detection-rules/blob/main/CLI.md#uploading-rules-to-kibana))

We welcome general questions, feature requests, and bug reports through the following channels:
- **GitHub Issues**: For raising general questions, bugs, and feature requests related to the detection-rules repo.  
  [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/elastic/detection-rules/issues)
- **Community Slack**: For informal discussions or questions (note that message history is limited to 30 days).  
  [Elastic Security Community Slack](https://elasticstack.slack.com/archives/C06TE19EP09)

> Support tickets related to this DaC reference implementation can be opened with Elastic, however since the logic is just a wrapper of the underlying product API's, we will not be able to treat DaC related support requests as a Severity-1 (Immedediate time frame). Urgent DaC issues can be resolved via direct interaction with the underlying Kibana API or Elastic Security Solution UI. We will ask customers to resort to these methods to resolve downtime or urgent issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Support tickets related to this DaC reference implementation can be opened with Elastic, however since the logic is just a wrapper of the underlying product API's, we ask to resolve urgent DaC issues via direct interaction with the underlying [Kibana APIs](https://www.elastic.co/docs/api/doc/kibana/v8/group/endpoint-security-detections-api) or [Elastic Security Solution UI](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/security/current/rules-ui-management.html), as we will not be able to treat DaC related support requests as a high severity (immediate time frame).
```
